---
title: "Antaragni 2014-Build up to the event-THE EVE"
date: 2014-10-09 07:05
tags: [Antaragni]
---

The time is 4 30 pm on a Wednesday. It would have been like any other Wednesday except, today, you could feel the enthusiasm in the air. Its the first time i have set foot on the Old Sac here at IITK since preparations for Antaragni have commenced. The promise of "paradise"(for the slow ones,its the GIRLS) seemed to come true right at the entrance as various colleges started setting camps around. And trust me, the quality that of what was on display was a fitting parallel to the magnitude of what they were about to be a part of.

Managing to get my eyes off them, i strode forward to 'the place'. The place where the real magic happened, the 'Backstage'. If the aura of the event hadn't got to you yet, trust me it would have hit you with all its force with the sight on display. The phrase 'harmony in chaos' would be an apt description. People,the talented ones, from all across the country sitting around. Some a touch nervous about the part they were to perform in the act that is Antaragni,some reveling in the freedom and atmosphere on display,some enjoying the before mentioned paradise while yet others singing their own tune in their own world.

The Hospitality group is the first to welcome you ,with stunning posters i must admit, to guide you in a place where every corner has a surprise to offer. While they were doing their job to help the participants with their accommodations,i moved forward. Midst the Coordinators brainstorming to get the event just right, a look was all that was needed to appreciate The Graffiti on the walls that the truly impressive Fine arts club managed to produce. These were pictures that unfortunately my words would not be able to express and is best left as a visual treat. Their work was in full flow as the graffiti artist continued on their masterpieces while the guys doing the posters, Sankalp, Rohit among many others, busy in a room away from the madness outside, in the solace of their own work. Having shared a few laughs with them, i left them to create while i ventured outside to marvel at what else the preparations had to offer. The food stalls were being set up where the junta would come out to relax mid fest. The works of my friends in the Show Management group was on display there and i have attempted to capture them via pictures. Yet it was a work in progress and i knew i had to come back later to see it in all its glory.

The clock struck 5 00. Yes, its only been half an hour. I needed to be someplace else. So, with the promise of more, i bid a farewell to the old sac for the time being and got going.
